Checkpoint playbooks bug (#14128)
demisto/content: Packs/CheckpointFirewall/ReleaseNotes/2_0_12.md

#### Playbooks
##### Checkpoint - Block IP - Custom Block Rule

> - Fixed an issue where the playbook would require a Checkpoint Firewall V1 instance, rather than V2.
> ##### Checkpoint - Publish&Install configuration
> - Fixed an issue where the playbook would require a Checkpoint Firewall V1 instance, rather than V2.
> ##### Checkpoint - Block URL
> - Fixed an issue where the playbook would require a Checkpoint Firewall V1 instance, rather than V2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the playbook would run only with a Checkpoint Firewall V1 instance.
##### Checkpoint - Publish&Install configuration
- Fixed an issue where the playbook would run only with a Checkpoint Firewall V1 instance.
##### Checkpoint - Block URL
- Fixed an issue where the playbook would run only with a Checkpoint Firewall V1 instance.
```
